Course Database 
Short Answer 
Student Name Abateneh M Wahidi

What is Data? is distinct pieces of information
		Its a row data
What is Information? is a sequence of symbols that carries a message
What is Database(DB)? Its a collection of structured information
What is the Relation Database Management System(RDBMS)?
 is a database that stores information in the form of tables called relations
Its open source 
Provides multi users access 
Support multi storage engines 
Works in many platforms 
Define the importance of Relational Database Management System(RDBMS)?
Is a software application interact with user application and database 
It's a tool to manage a data 
As we all know that there are Two types of Databases. Relational
Database(SQL) AND Non-Relational DB(NO sql). what is the difference between
relational databases emphasize structure, whereas non-relational databases prioritize flexibility.
Relational databases use tables that are all connected to each other.
Non-relational databases  are document-oriented.
List examples of Relational Database Management System(RDBMS)?
MySQL
 PostgreSQL  
Microsoft Access
SQL Server
Oracle …
List examples of Non-Relational DB(Nosql)?
Elasticsearch
Apache CouchDB
Couchbase
Define and Describe Structured Query Language(SQL)?
is a standardized programming language which is used to manage relational database and perform various operations on the data
Is used to perform to create,update retrieve and delete row data
List and Describe each of the different subsets of SQL(Mean DDL, DML,
DCL, TCL)?
DDL (Data Definition Language)
allow auto committed 
Save all commands permanently in the Database
 is allow to perform various operation on Database  this includes change the structure of the table 
Creation of table 
Altering table 
Deleting table 
DML (Data Manipulation Language)
is allow to accesses and manipulate data 
Insert 
Delate
Update 
Retrieve data from the database 
Is Not  allow autocommit 
DCL (Data Control Language)
Commands to grant and take back authority from any database users 
Allow to control access to the database 
Grant and revoke access permission 
TCL (Transaction Control Language)
Is used to manage transaction in the Database 
Allow to grouped together by
 Commit
Savepoint
 rollback and 
set transaction  

What is a table in Database(DB)?
A table is a data structure that organizes information into rows and columns.
What is column and Row(tuples) in the table?
A table usually contains columns and rows
columns stand for attributes. 
A single row of a table that has a single record known as a tuple. 
