1  what is Data?
statistics it is raw and unprocessed 

2 what is Information?
          when data is processed .
           ” record is also information “.
3what is Database(DB)?
             is an organized collection of data. 
              More specifically, a database is an electronic system that allows data to be easily accessed,
               manipulated and updated.
4 What is the Relation Database Management System(RDBMS)?
                 is a database that stores information in the form of tables called relations
 5  Define the importance of Relation Database Management System(RDBMS)?
               because it manages data efficiently and allows users to perform multiple tasks with ease.and
                 we stores, organizes and manages a large amount of information 
6.     As we all know that there are Two types of Database. Relational Database(SQL) AND Non-Relational DB(NO sql). 
    what is the difference between them
                        is the way that data is stored. Relational databases use tables to store data,
                       while non-relational databases use a hierarchical structure.
7. 	List examples of Relation Database Management System(RDBMS)?
                    MySQL ,Microsoft Access,H2 Database Engine ,Oracle Database.....
8.       List examples of Non-Relational DB(Nosql)? 
                        MongoDB, CouchDB,  Amazon Neptune
9.       Define and Describe is Structured Query Language(SQL)?
                     SQL is Structured Query Language
                     which is a computer language for storing, manipulating and retrieving data stored in a relational database.
10      List and Describe each of the different subsets of SQL(Mean DDL, DML, DCL, TCL)?
                       Data Definition Language the structure of the table like creating a table, deleting a table, altering a table
                      Data Manipulation Language commands are used to modify the database. It is responsible for all form of changes in the database.
                     Data Control Language commands are used to grant and take back authority from any database user.
                      Transaction Control Language  it used  permanently save any transaction into the database. ( managing transactions )
11      what is table in Database(DB)?
                      consist of rows and columns
12    12.     what is column and Row(tuples) in table?
                   Columns run vertically. They contain the definition of each field.
                     Rows run horizontally. They represent each record. 










