
1.Data is a collection of individual facts or statistics and data is un process (raw)
Data can come in the form of text, observations, figures, images, numbers, graphs, or symbols.

2. Information is the result of analyzing and interpreting pieces of data and information is organized.

3. Database is an organized collection of structured information, or data, typically stored electronically 
in a computer system.
 
4. The software used to store, manage, query, and retrieve data stored in a relational database is 
called a relational database management system(RDBMS).

5. RDBMS is the basis for all modern database systems such as MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server, 
Oracle, and Microsoft Access. RDBMS uses SQL queries to access the data in the database.

6. SQL databases are table-based, while NoSQL databases are document, key-value, graph, or widecolumn stores. SQL databases are better for multi-row transactions, while NoSQL is better for 
unstructured data like documents.

7. IBM, Oracle, MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server and PostgreSQL.

8. MongoDB, CouchDB, CouchBase, Cassandra, HBase, Redis, Riak, Neo4J. MongoDB.

9.Structured Query Language (SQL) is a standardized programming language that is used to manage 
relational databases and perform various operations on the data in them.
SQL is used for 
 Modifying database table and index structures
 Adding, updating and deleting rows of data,and
 Retrieving subsets of information from within relational database management systems . This 
 information can be used for transaction processing, analytics applications and other applications 
 that require communicating with a relational database
10.The Data Manipulation Language (DML), the Data Definition Language (DDL), and the Data 
Control Language (DCL)
  a. Data manipulation language (DML) is a computer programming language used for adding, 
     deleting, and modifying data in a database. 
  b. Data definition language (DDL) is a subset of SQL. It is a language for describing data and its 
     relationships in a database.
  C. data control language is a syntax similar to a computer programming language used to control 
    access to data stored in a database.
  D. Transaction Control Language(TCL) commands are basically used for managing and controlling 
      the transactions in a database to maintain consistency. And it also helps a user manage all the 
       changes made by the DML commands for maintaining its transactions.
11.A table is a collection of related data held in a table format within a database. It consists of 
columns and rows.
12. A row is a single group of related data within a table. Columns are vertical, and hold a list of 
values all from the same field. Rows are your horizontal elements in a table.