

                  Answere to DB QUIEZ  



1)) Data: is single unorganized raw fact that can be recorded and transformed to information
2) Information: 
3)Data Basse:  is infornmation set up for easy acces,managment and updating.
                is structured data storage.

4) RDBMS: is software tool used to manage relationanal database, which is used to store and provide acess to data points that are related to each other. 
             interact between user Application and DB.
5) use of table to store data increase the security.
             It can handle huge amount of data and support more than one user
             It is based on colomns and rows which makes it easier to understand. Data flexiablity and consistency

6) A relational database is structured, meaning the data is organized in tables. Many times, the data within these tables have relationships with one another,
 or dependencies. A non relational database is document-oriented, meaning, all information gets stored in more of a laundry list order

7) Examples: IBM, ORACLE, MicroSoft SQL server , MYSQL, POSTgre SQL
8)Examples:MongoDB, Apache Cassandra ,Apache HBase
9) SQL: refers to a standard programming language utilized to extract, organize, manage, and manipulate data stored in relational databases. SQL is thereby referred to as a database language 
that can execute activities on databases that consist of tables made up of rows and columns.

10)
     DDL (Data Definition Language) – It allows you to perform various operations on the database such as CREATE, ALTER and DELETE objects.
     DML ( Data Manipulation Language) – It allows you to access and manipulate data. It helps you to insert, update, delete and retrieve data from the database.
     DCL ( Data Control Language) – It allows you to control access to the database. Example – Grant, Revoke access permissions.
11) Tables are database objects that contain all the data in a database.
12) The rows represent records and the columns represent attributes. 
      A tuple is a single row in a database that contains a single record for such a relation.