1. What is Data?
   It is raw fact that can be recorded as a text, number, figure, image etc
   It is a distinct piece of information about an object.

2. What is Information?
   Information is a processed data. 

3. What is Database (DB)? 
   A big container that contains a large data. It is an organized collection of structured information. 
 
4. What is the Relation Database Management System (RDBMS)?
   It is a software system that help us to create, update, and administer a relational database management system.

5. Define the importance of Relation Database Management System(RDBMS)?
   It is the bases for all modern databases system like MySQL, Microsoft SQL server etc  

6. As we all know that there are Two types of Database. Relational Database(SQL) AND Non-Relational DB(NO sql). what is the difference between them. 
   SQL database are table-based, while NoSQL database are document based.

7. List examples of Relation Database Management System(RDBMS)?
   Oracle, IBM, MySQL, Microsoft SQL server

8. List examples of Non-Relational DB(Nosql)? 
   Mongodb, neo4J, Redis, Cassandra, HBase 

9. Define and Describe is Structured Query Language(SQL)?
   Is a standardize programming language that is used to manage relational database. 
   It is mainly used to perform various actions like add, update rows/delete rows of data, retrieve subsets of information etc  

10. List and Describe each of the different subsets of SQL(Mean DDL, DML, DCL, TCL)?
    DDL is a language for describing data and its relation database. 
    DML is a computer programming language used for adding, modifying, deleting data in database. 
    DCL is a syntax like a computer programming language used to control access to data stored in a database. 
    TCL commands are basically used for managing and controlling the transactions in a database to maintain consistency. 
    It helps a user manage all the changes made by the DML commands for maintaining its transactions. 

11. What is table in Database(DB)? 
    A database table is a collection of related data held in a table format. It is consists of column and rows.

12. What is column and Row(tuples) in table?
    A column is a vertical element that hold values of the same field and a row is a horizontal element in the table. 

