                                                              Short Answer



1. What is Data? 
   Data is information such as facts and numbers used to analyze something or make decisions on. Data can be collected in the form of a text, number, images, videos etc.
 
2. What is Information? 
   Information is knowledge shared or gained through the result of analyzing and interpreting pieces of data.

3. What is Database (DB)?
   Database is an organized collection of data, so that it can be easily accessed and managed. 
 
4. What is the Relation Database Management System (RDBMS)?
   It is a program that allows you to create, update, and administer a relational database. It organizes data in table formats.

5. Define the importance of Relation Database Management System (RDBMS)?
   A relational database’s main importance is the ability to connect data from different tables to create useful information. It is simple and centralized database, easy to use etc.

6. As we all know that there are Two types of Database. Relational Database(SQL) AND Non-Relational DB(NO sql). what is the difference between them.
   Relational database store data in rows and columns like spreadsheets. It has primary and foreign keys. it is table based. However, unlike the relational database, non-relational database has no table, rows, primary or foreign keys. Instead, the non-relational database uses a storage model optimized for specific requirements of the type of data being stored. It is document based.

7. List examples of Relation Database Management System(RDBMS)?
   Some of Relational database Management systems examples are Oracle database, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, SQL and PostgreSQL.

8. List examples of Non-Relational DB(Nosql)? 
   Some of None-Relational DB examples are MongoDB, Apache Cassandra, Redis and Apache HBase.

9. Define and Describe is Structured Query Language(SQL)?
   SQL is a computer language for storing, manipulating, and retrieving data stored in a relational database. It is used to preform CRUD (Create, Read, update, and Delete) operations. 

10. List and Describe each of the different subsets of SQL(Mean DDL, DML, DCL, TCL)
   DDL changes the structure of the table like creating a table, deleting a table, altering a table, etc
   All the command of DDL are auto committed that means it permanently save all the changes in the database
   DML commands are used to modify the database. It is responsible for all forms of changes in the database. The command of DML is not auto committed that means it can't permanently save all the changes in the database. They can be rollback
   DCL commands are used to grant and take back authority from any database user. Grant and revoke are some commands that come under DCL.
   TCL commands can only be used with DML commands like INSERT, DELETE and UPDATE only. These operations are automatically committed in the database, that's why they cannot be used while creating tables or dropping them.

11. what is table in Database (DB)? A table is a collection of related data held in a table format within a database. It consists of rows and columns

12. what is column and Row(tuples) in table?
    The Row(tuples) within a table, each represents a group of related data values. The columns in the table are fields and is also referred to as an attribute.
    You can also think of it this way: an attribute is used to define the record and a record contains a set of attributes.
